# TMS-Targeting-Pipeline
A pipeline which takes in preprocessed fMRI files and compares coordinate reliability across different targeting parameters. Written in Python to be run on Linux HPC Clusters which use slurm for job management. Subsequent consolidation script (mergeOutputs.py) also run on server. main.ipynb run on local machines.

## Server-side functions
- functions below stored in the 'serverFunctions' folder.
- **peakScript.py** - script which either submits requests to the console via python subprocess module. Has mode variable at the top to allow for slurm script preparation, python to directly call for processing, or both.
    - Paths defined at the top of the script.
    - outputs log files in a log folder.
    - outputs bash analysis files for each subject and session - each containing the processing steps for each group (sgACC seed vs network, dlPFC mask, multi-echo vs single echo data)
- **slurmBatch.py** - can be directed to the slurm directory generated by peakScript, combines all the jobs and creates a single script to be submitted as an array job.
- **mergeOutputs.py** - recursively searches the results folder for the output files as currently defined ('fischer' in the title, ends with '.1d') and extracts the 3 coordinates in each file, saving them to a pandas dataframe and after a .csv. 
- **utils.py** - a script containing utility functions used in other scripts.

## post-server visualization
- the **main.ipynb** function, a Jupyter notebook intended to load the .csv file, convert to a pandas dataframe, and perform a 1-way ANOVA across specified groups (sgACC seed vs network, dlPFC mask orig, erode_1, dilate_5, and se vs me vs me-ica sequence).
- run in Python 3.12 environement with Jupyter kernal + standard packages (listed below)

### To install
- Install virtual environment manager like anaconda
    - Use 'conda env create -f environment.yml' with the environment yaml file present in the directory.
    - Alternative: Use pip install -r requirements.txt, with the included file.
